readme.md, before:

# KandiData 

**http://www.kandidata.tech**

A data-driven webapp for Twitter metrics for the Philippines Election 2016 presidential candidates. It's targeted mainly towards the presidentiables themselves and their campaign managers to check the effectiveness of their campaign through analysed Twitter data. The system primarily checks for the candidate's official hashtags and their mentions and the results are analysed individually using AlchemyAPI and AzureML's Text Analysis API service. The results are then presented in an interactive form using fancy charts and uhh, charts. Lol. 

Built with love, Starbucks coffee, RedBull, Coke, and Amber's.

## API Usage

You can access our API (output is in `json`) so you can do the analysis yourself by using the following endpoints:

*BASE_URL http://www.kandidata.tech/*
- the base url to use to curl against

*GET api/candidates*
- collection of candidates.


*GET api/tweets*
- collection of tweets, paginated, and sorted by `tweet_date` in descending order. By default, this endpoint will only show tweets with sentiment, keyword, and emotional data. Include key `all=1` so you can pull all the tweets even without them.
 
 Please note that the API doesn't require authentication but it throttles requests by 60 requests per minute.

## License

Everything is open-source licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

candidate_id param in api/tweets

readme.md, after:

# KandiData 

**http://www.kandidata.tech**

A data-driven webapp for Twitter metrics for the Philippines Election 2016 presidential candidates. It's targeted mainly towards the presidentiables themselves and their campaign managers to check the effectiveness of their campaign through analysed Twitter data. The system primarily checks for the candidate's official hashtags and their mentions and the results are analysed individually using AlchemyAPI and AzureML's Text Analysis API service. The results are then presented in an interactive form using fancy charts and uhh, charts. Lol. 

Built with love, Starbucks coffee, RedBull, Coke, and Amber's.

## API Usage

You can access our API (output is in `json`) so you can do the analysis yourself by using the following endpoints:

*BASE_URL http://www.kandidata.tech/*
- the base url to use to curl against

*GET api/candidates*
- collection of candidates.


*GET api/tweets*
- collection of tweets, paginated, and sorted by `tweet_date` in descending order. By default, this endpoint will only show tweets with sentiment, keyword, and emotional data. Include key `all=1` so you can pull all the tweets even without them. Use the optional parameter `candidate_id` to filter tweets by candidate.
 
 Please note that the API doesn't require authentication but it throttles requests by 60 requests per minute.

## License

Everything is open-source licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
